22668e5c1b53b45062e50ed2cd4bcbf0/README.md, before:

# Generated files
This repository contains generated files and a checksum.

If you find yourself unable to import your repository due to the presence of files edited outside an instance of ServiceNow, merge commits that mix files from different revisions, or other data that does not match the checksum, you may recover using either of the following techniques:
* Remove the problem commits:
  1. Clone your repository to a personal computer with the git command line tools installed and open a git command prompt in the repository root
  2. Run `git log` and take note of the SHA1s of the problem commits
  3. Build revert commits using `git revert SHA1` repeatedly, working backward in time, for each commit that introduced changes not generated by a ServiceNow instance
  4. Run `git push`

* Overwrite the problem code snapshot with a known good one:
  1. Clone your repository to a personal computer with the git command line tools installed and open a git command prompt in the repository root,
  2. Locate a known good code snapshot and record its SHA1. For this step, `git log` can be useful.
  2. Run `git reset --hard SHA1` to a commit that was generated by a ServiceNow instance
  3. Run `git reset HEAD{1}`
  4. Run `git add -A`
  5. Run `git commit`
  6. Run `git push`

Commit message:

[Historical Commit 1] Default 1 Description: Automatically created by the system Update Set was completed on 2024-10-23 13:47:24 Update Set was completed by John.Schwab john.schwab@apigroupinc.us

22668e5c1b53b45062e50ed2cd4bcbf0/README.md, after:

# Update Set Commit History
This commit, and any commits following that contain the prefix [Historical Commit], were generated because 'Retain update set history as commits' was selected when this application was linked to Source Control. 
1. For every completed update set containing updates relevant to this application, commits have been generated automatically by the system. 
2. Updates are separated into multiple commits:
* if there are updates for a file that are out of order between different update sets
* if an update set contains multiple update records for a single file
The commits for an update set have been split into multiple commits ([Historical Commit 1], [Historical Commit 2]...) to represent each update. This is done so that each file has an in order history of updates. 
3. The most recent commit is the current state of your application in its entirety.

WARNING: Any commit prefixed by [Historical Commit] is generated solely to display its history. Do not attempt to check out these commits in the development process as they do not necessarily represent a stable snapshot of the application. 
See additional documentation: https://docs.servicenow.com/csh?topicname=migrate-update-set-history.html&version=latest
